[Term Entry] Java Calendar getTimeZone() #3098 (#3157)
Codecademy/docs: content/java/concepts/calendar/terms/getTimeZone/getTimeZone.md

---
Title: '.getTimeZone()'

> Description: 'Returns the current time-zone of this Calendar.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns the current time-zone of a given Calendar.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Time'
  - 'Date'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> 
> The **getTimeZone()** method in Calendar class is used to return the current time-zone of this Calendar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.getTimeZone()`** method in Calendar class is used to return the current time-zone of a given Calendar.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
TimeZone time_zone = myCalendar.getTimeZone();
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We want a sentence after the syntax block explaining it. i.e. what `myCalendar` and `time_zone` are.
```

## Example

> 

Reviewer: We want a introductory sentence to summarize what the example is doing.

---
Title: '.getTimeZone()'
Description: 'Returns the current time-zone of a given Calendar.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Time'
  - 'Date'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.getTimeZone()`** method in Calendar class is used to return the current time-zone of a given Calendar.

## Syntax

```pseudo
TimeZone time_zone = myCalendar.getTimeZone();
```

> myCalendar is a Calendar class object. The Calendar is an abstract class that provides methods for converting between a specific instant in time and a set of calendar fields such as YEAR, MONTH, DAY_OF_MONTH, HOUR, and so on, and for manipulating the calendar fields, such as getting the date of the next week.
> time_zone is a TimeZone class Object. The Java TimeZone class is a class that represents time zones, and is helpful when doing calendar arithmetics across time zones. The java.util.TimeZone class is used in conjunction with the java.util.Calendar class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- `myCalendar` is a `Calendar` class object for which the time zone is being retrieved.. 
- `time_zone` is a `TimeZone` class object returned from the `.getTimeZone()` method.
```

This is all we need for the syntax section.

> The following code creates a Calendar class object and then assigns the object's current time zone to a TimeZone object. The result is then printed to the screen. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example

The following code creates a Calendar class object and then assigns the object's current time zone to a TimeZone object. The result is then printed to the screen. 
```
You deleted the example header.

---
Title: '.getTimeZone()'
Description: 'Returns the current time-zone of a given Calendar.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Time'
  - 'Date'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`.getTimeZone()`** method in Calendar class is used to return the current time-zone of a given Calendar.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`.getTimeZone()`** method in the `Calendar` class is used to return the current time-zone of a given calendar.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo

> TimeZone time_zone = myCalendar.getTimeZone();

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
time_zone = myCalendar.getTimeZone();
```

```

> - `myCalendar` is a `Calendar` class object for which the time zone is being retrieved.. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `myCalendar` is a `Calendar` class object for which the time zone is being retrieved.
```

- `time_zone` is a `TimeZone` class object returned from the `.getTimeZone()` method.

## Example

> The following code creates a Calendar class object and then assigns the object's current time zone to a TimeZone object. The result is then printed to the screen. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following code creates demonstrates the use of the `.getTimeZone()` method. 
```

> ```java

Reviewer 2: update the code to use 2 spaces for indentations. Tabs are not used in docs

import java.util.*;
 
public class Calendar_Demo {
    public static void main(String args[])
    {
        // Creating a calendar object
        Calendar calndr = Calendar.getInstance();
 
        // Getting the time zone of calendar
        TimeZone time_zone = calndr.getTimeZone();
 
        // Displaying the current time zone
        System.out.println("The current Time zone is: "
                           + time_zone.getDisplayName());
    }
}

```

> The above code will output:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The above code will return an output similar to:
```
